TELCODOCS-1036: Incorporated additional SME feedback. (#59294)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws_con_connecting-the-vpc-to-the-on-premise-network.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> Misconfiguration of the network connection between the AWS and on-premise environments can expose the on-premise network and bare metal nodes to the internet. That is a significant security risk and could result in an attacker having full access to the exposed machines, and through them the private network in these environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Misconfiguration of the network connection between the AWS and on-premise environments can expose the on-premise network and bare-metal nodes to the internet. That is a significant security risk, which might result in an attacker having full access to the exposed machines and through them to the private network in these environments.
```
See the ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#c
